README.md, before:

## A real-time ML system that predicts short-term crypto prices

### Feature Pipeline

#### Trade producer (producer)
- [x] Fix the Dockerized trade producer
- [x] Share code with you 
- [ ] Add challenges for you to complete
- [x] Upload recordings.
- [x] Update the Dockerfile to avoid re-installing dependencies after changing the code.
- [x] Use logging instead of printing.
- [x] Add .env file with configuration, and remove the hard-coded values in the code.
- [x] Linting and formatting.

#### Trade to ohlc (transformation)
- [x] Dockerize
- [x] Makefile with build, run, lint and format commands
- [x] Load config parameters from env variables instead of hard-coding them

### Kafka to feature store (consumer)
- [x] Dockerize
- [x] Makefile with build, run, lint and format commands
- [x] Load config parameters from env variables instead of hard-coding them

# Next steps
- [ ] Write a docker compose to run the whole feature pipeline locally.
    - [ ] Pay attention to the network.
- [ ] Backfill the feature group using historical data.
    - [ ] Adjust trade producer to connect to Kraken's REST API
    - [ ] Adjust `kafka_to_feature_store` to save data to the offline feature group.

Commit message:

End of live coding session 2024-06-10
This commit adds a `buffer_size parameter to the kafka_to_feature_store.
This parameter controls the number of messages that are saved in each
.insert() call to the feature group.

We save in batches instead of one-by-one to avoid the overhead of
inserting each message individually.

Warning! The code has at least 2 problems

Problem 1) Feature are saved to the online store, not to the offline
store. This needs to be fixed.

Problem 2) We don't handle the case where the last batch of data is
half-full. At the moment, we simply do not save it to the feature store,
so we are losing it. We need to fix this somehow.

README.md, after:

## A real-time ML system that predicts short-term crypto prices

### Feature Pipeline

#### Trade producer (producer)
- [x] Fix the Dockerized trade producer
- [x] Share code with you 
- [ ] Add challenges for you to complete
- [x] Upload recordings.
- [x] Update the Dockerfile to avoid re-installing dependencies after changing the code.
- [x] Use logging instead of printing.
- [x] Add .env file with configuration, and remove the hard-coded values in the code.
- [x] Linting and formatting.

#### Trade to ohlc (transformation)
- [x] Dockerize
- [x] Makefile with build, run, lint and format commands
- [x] Load config parameters from env variables instead of hard-coding them

### Kafka to feature store (consumer)
- [x] Dockerize
- [x] Makefile with build, run, lint and format commands
- [x] Load config parameters from env variables instead of hard-coding them

# Next steps
- [x] Write a docker compose to run the whole feature pipeline locally.
    - [x] Pay attention to the network.
- [ ] Backfill the feature group using historical data.
    - [x] Adjust trade producer to connect to Kraken's REST API
    - [ ] Adjust `kafka_to_feature_store` to save data to the offline feature group.
        - [ ] Make sure we write the data to the offline feature group. The code as it is now
        saves a batch of features (not just one, which is great) but to the online store.
